Update creating-dynamic-responses.md (#4790)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/designing-and-developing-your-api/mocking-data/creating-dynamic-responses.md

With template support, Postman mock servers can generate responses that vary based on the incoming request. Template helpers give you access to data from the incoming request, such as the body, query parameters, path segments, and headers. You can include that data in the response sent by the mock server.

> > To use Contextual Simulated Response Generation on a server with Response Matching for the Request body enabled, you need to set the `x-mock-match-request-body` header set to `false`. Otherwise you will get the mockRequestNotFoundError error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To generate contextual responses on a mock server with [response matching for the request body enabled](/docs/designing-and-developing-your-api/mocking-data/setting-up-mock/#matching-request-body-and-headers), you need to set the `x-mock-match-request-body` header set to `false`. Otherwise you will get a `mockRequestNotFoundError` error.
```
